# HomeSlice
DRAFT idea: Democratize Real Estate Investment 
1. HomeSlice: Home equity marketplace. Young person home ownership is difficult, especially depending on where you live/what you do. That said, creating a marketplace that’s friendly to small capital investors looking to diversify into real estate, but not having the funds or the will (at the moment) to make the 20% down commitment on a home. So, opening the door to purchase equity shares (%s) of another persons home equity. A la a home costs $100,000 the mortgage on the home was not much more, the loan is 75% paid off, meaning roughly $75,000 of that is equity to the homeowner. That said and while being current on his mortgage to the bank, Bob needs to make a major roof repair, his insurance will only pay a portion, he’s still a few thousand dollars short, doesn’t want to tap into his retirement (fear of tax penalty/burden) and he’s a bit tight on cash at the moment...that’s where he turns to the home equity marketplace where he’s able to list a small % of his homes’s equity (and the appreciation or devaluation over time thereof) and at the same location the young investor (interested in diversifying into real estate, but not wanting the entire burden) steps in. That investor is able to contact the homeowner through the platform, by way of submitting their profile to the app’s notification system where the homeowner can then manually approve or deny OR there will be an algorithm portion of the app which measures the potential investor’s financial profile against the risk associated with the property/equity share and against the homeowner’s preselected criteria for investor profile (he doesn’t want any malicious investor intent). 
- Need to figure out if capping the % of equity someone can own in someone else’s home is truly a good thing, I strong believe it is. There also should be rules of engagement between the investor and majority homeowner, confidentiality of address shared until share of the equity sold, or maybe even never - unless potentially the homeowner was putting it up for sale and offered it to the investors. By and large, Just demographic high level profile information (i.e. 3br, 2ba 3500sqft condo in San Francisco, built  1979, neighborhood rating # per Zillow, etc.) will be shared through the UI with potential investors.
